God is ridiculous
A fake
Is he worthy?
Xu Ding
Since you are here
Then kneel down with your son to atone for your sins
What? What?
He must be the Lord God
Otherwise, how dare you make a god general kneel
No, what did you say?
Want me to kneel
Hahahaha
Just you, an impostor.
I inform you as Zhenguo Shenjiao
God is dead
This person is pretending to be a god
On the Nine Clans to be Executed for Sins
What? What?
true or false?
Impersonating the Lord of Gods is a great sin for the Casting Nine Clans
But he just manipulated theism
He said so
That can be fake
What theism?
But it's fake
True theism
Shock all directions at Broken Soul Cliff
How can my son
Take the risk
What about the heavy weapon of the demagogue?
Is that so?
Bai Dongliang
Didn't you hear?
Ah, is it your Bai family?
Do you really want to be exterminated with this kid?
What do you want?
Mix with this fake again
Break your legs
Dad can't be
You are the man I believe in Bai Qiansi
Are you going to piss me off?
Don't worry.
I am your fiance
As long as I'm here
Even your parents
I can't force you
Xu Ding
Today you offended Shenwei
Do you know how you will be punished?